Now with a resized, large 6400 px x 6400 px image, I started following my (now customary)
practice of randomly moving about sections of the hex file within the image. 

The pixels seemed to grey out all the time, and grey everything that followed it.
This seemed like going backwards! 

Frustrated, I just started deleting at random sections of the image. This ended up leading
to the most interesting effect yet! The image started to split and move in a way I liked,
and it became clear that some bits moved the image, while others changed its coloring or 
luminance. It still was finicky -- if I deleted the wrong values, the image would go 
completely grey again, so I had to carefully pick my way through the file. See hat copy.jpg.

To see what just a singular deletion of a bit might look like, check out hat copy - singular deletion.jpeg

In the next iteration, I honed in more on specific bits to get the color and movement 
effect to my liking, often deleting then re-adding, moving a few hex codes to the right or
left of the area I was working on, and then continuing again. Documentd in hat copy 2.jpg.

In one of the tutorials I watched, the artist recommended making a minor change to the same
bit over and over. At random, I pickked "02" and replaced nearly every hex with "33" instead. 
I figured that would be a significant enough numerical change that the effects would be 
noticeable. Indeed they were! Not every '02' is replaced though -- some of them would just 
immediately cause the rest of the file to grey out, so I would not change that particular
instance and then move to the next one. This was incredibly painstaking given that my 
hex editor was not a live editor, so I one by one made the changes. I would really not
recommend this to anyone, not even my worst enemy. And now I think I have a twitch
in my hand from doing this. 

I do think I have a better understanding of how color is coded into JPEG files with this
experiment, as luminance and chrominance seem to be the final product of the abstraction.
I included screenshots (4a and 4b) that show different changes of what the image looked like
at different stages in the process.

Unfortunately, I think the process of changing these bits, or maybe my choice in replacement
was too dramatic, because the visual came out extremely abstracted. I'd like to explore that more,
but the process was a slog and I haven't worked up the courage for Round Two.

Now that I had tried deletion and replacement, I wanted to try addition with the same
image. See: hat copy 4. Using the bitwise representation of the word "ephemeral," I 
randomly and frequently added to the file. The color look changes drastically between VSCode 
photo viewer, and MacOS's Preview.



