After reading about JPEG glitching and watching some tutorials, I started by experimenting
with a film photo from this past summer of some cows resting in the mountains. I'd read that 
by deleting sections of the hex code of a JPEG's file data (after the header part), and then
copying those sections elsewhere in the image creates a unique effect. I was not sure how
much change was needed to make the intended look, so I started small. 

I read that editing the header of the image could lead to big problems, and could corrupt
the image to the point where it wouldn't compile at all. I also learned that the start of 
the raw data, and the end of header part of the file is marked with the hex code "FF DA." 

In mountains1.jpeg, I somewhat randomly copied sections of hex code and moved it to other
places in the file. The effect was some horizontal streaks across the image, often becoming
grey, rather than the warping/glitching effect I was hoping for.

In mountains2.jpeg, I tried editing smaller segments of hex code more often, replacing 
8-bit sections with the hex code of the word "luddites", which led to a similar
horiontal streak effect. Some of the streaks looked like an interesting image translation, 
but most were greyed out color blocks. I read that the greyed pixels meant that there was
some sort of curruption that led to the JPEG not being able to compile at all. I looked to
see if there was a certain hex code that caused the issue or a placement, but it felt random.

In mountains3.jpeg and mountains4.jpeg, I tried moving larger chunks of the hex file in different 
places. This worked better than the smaller changes -- while there was still some grey, the swaping of 
sections of image were somewhat recognizeable. It gives the appearance of the image being "split."

In later itereations, I also attemped to add some pattern and consistency to the process
by writing a few short scripts to parse the image data and make changes after a set number of hex 
codes. Unfortunately, like I experienced with the manual process, there didn't seem to be a 
noticeable pattern to what broke the file or turned the pixels grey. Trying to use the consistent
looping pattern only seemed to break my files.

Another note: Interestingly, the image viewer (preview on my mac), versus the one in VSCode,
versus the one in the Github GUI makes all of these pictures look completely different. 
I looked into this a little, and it appears that a lot of angry people on reddit think 
little of Mac's Preview. 